Add support for tests (#24)
snugnug/hjem-rum: docs/TESTING.md

Reviewer: Should add a top-level heading "Writing Tests"

Author: I added a heading but found it ugly, i'll add it again later though.

Reviewer: Markdown has built-in [footnotes](https://blog.markdowntools.com/posts/footnotes-in-markdown).

Author: I tried using this but it ended up borked in both github and an online md previewer, so i thought it was exclusive to some niche md flavor. I prob made some mistake then, i'll add it again later xd

``` nix
checks = { 
  ...
  # Just import ./modules/tests and pass mkCheckArgs with your brand-new directory to it.
  hjem-rum-services = import ./modules/tests (mkCheckArgs ./modules/tests/services);
};
```

This can also be used to import and run only individual test modules, although this isn't recommended (you can just build the test and run it yourself) and code doing that shouldn't be commited.

## Writing tests

Tests for ``hjem-rum`` are written just like any other test, so it might be worth to take a read at how NixOS tests work. There is [a guide](https://nix.dev/tutorials/nixos/integration-testing-using-virtual-machines.html) in nix.dev and also a [section on the nixos manual](https://nixos.org/manual/nixos/stable/index.html#sec-calling-nixos-tests)¹, both detailing how to use the framework.

Our test system has some pre-defined things aiming at avoid boilerplate code:

- An user named "bob" is already created², with no groups, ``isNormalUser`` set to true and no password.
- ``hjem`` and ``hjem-rum`` are already imported by default.

``self``, ``lib`` and ``pkgs`` are also passed to every test module, so you're free to use them as you will.

> The [ncmpcpp test module](../modules/tests/programs/ncmpcpp/ncmpcpp.nix) was written to serve as an example for future tests, and provides comments for each step of the ``testScript``. Care should be taken to wait for the proper systemd targets to be reached, change users to run commands, and avoid other possible footguns. The approach this module uses to test its configuration is to have a file for each configuration alongside it, which then gets passed to the test vm and gets evaluated with diff. You can use other approachs if its more convenient, that's just a suggestion :D.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ncmpcpp test module](../modules/tests/programs/ncmpcpp/ncmpcpp.nix) was written to serve as an example for future tests, and provides comments for each step of the ``testScript``. Care should be taken to wait for the proper systemd targets to be reached, change users to run commands, and avoid other possible footguns. The approach this module uses to test its configuration is to have a file for each configuration alongside it, which then gets passed to the test VM and gets evaluated with diff. You can use other approaches if its more convenient, that's just a suggestion.
```

Author: thx, rip smile though :c

---

###### ¹ Although both guides refer to ``lib.tests.runNixOSTest`` instead of ``runTest``, the former is just a wrapper around the latter, abstracting certain concepts, so the code ran by them should be interchangeable between one another.

> ###### ² This is a reference to [Bob and Alice](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_and_Bob), two names that are commonly used as placeholders, and since Hjem went with Alice, we chose Bob ;D.

Reviewer: This isn't really necessary
